Well no, it was the airplane.
Would you want to go to the swimming pool as they went?
Well, it did look really nice.
yeah, yeah I must do
No What else did you want to do before we go back?
ok
yeah
Well, it depends where we go.
when?
No, no, I would say like, probably like two or three years
Move kindda like, it kind of depends because like certain things
though I mean, they say it inspires, but you can still use it as
so
Yeah, but I did stop well
yeah, move but, I didn't expect to go, because so tired yeah
yeah
No, I do want to go. But, you know, I just don't know if I'm doing it or not, so
I don't know if I'll end up accepting it or end up to go
You don't know that.
People, I've been out of school for a year.
yeah
like you were
Mmmm I know they have like thrift stores and one stuff, but...
Oh, I don't know about, I don't know about Taiwan or laungauge
I'd be interested in it.
Taking notes and about I don't know what specifically
Yeah, Do you, do you know what it's like, Taiwan?
oh really?
oh
Oh yeah yeah, okay nice, I am *** put one
always my mom were like grammer group
May be, could be
Yeah, I'm sure, I'm sure as well
She was born that
And she moved back to Japan or ***
Ah yeah, I think because we know they were occupying
So I want to learn next for me. That was really kind of was a very.
I think it's because you don't have a case.
Actually, no, but we're discussing
huff, Did I do it good what***? No I'm not
Well, I think we were kind of going based off
their is schedule or you know meeting our family for the first week.
so were ***
Was there like doing?
but I think within one...
Was it even a week before your foot was swollen? Really?
Oh, okay.
yeah
No it's ok, well, it's better than being stuck inside the...
up thank melon
You know what I can't say?